[Music]
every photo of Charles and Diana told
the same line
we all remember a lady died as a
beautiful gentle woman being a great
personality of course such a great
historical figure such as Diana couldn't
avoid being discussed and analyzed all
the time watch the video and you will be
surprised with a strange fact about
photos of Charles and Diana they all
hide a big lie the alliance of Princess
Diana and Prince Charles is still one of
the most discussed throughout the world
it seems that we know all about them
because their lives were highlighted by
the mass media in every detail but most
of us didn't notice the most obvious
thing it can familiarize ourselves with
their history by going through their
numerous photos these are mostly
official photos it was deliberately
emphasized by photographers that Charles
was the head of the family he is taller
and seems to be a shield and defender as
the man is supposed to be in an
exemplary couple only recently
journalists have discovered that the
photos do not reflect reality Prince
Charles and Princess Diana are of the
same height diana was always made to
stand lower or asked to put one foot in
front and the heel height of more than
two centimeters would immediately ruin
their harmonious appearance of the
couple in this way the difference was
downplayed at least in photos a lot of
people say this was done specifically to
point out Charles's status and leading
role in the family and what do you think
of it you are very much welcome to share
your thoughts and ideas below and now
here are some interesting facts that
would probably be interesting for you
just to think over fact number five
Cinderella
type of story of course diana was not
like the fairytale Cinderella no stories
about a poor
child from a low-income family she was
the third daughter in a duke's family
but everybody called her gentle d before
the royal family decided on her being a
great party for Prince Charles she
dedicated her life to children with no
intentions for glory and fame we guess
this is why people loved her so much
fact number four skeletons in the closet
it is very disturbing and at the same
time interesting how people look after
their death in the public perception we
all know numerous stories that some
close people reveal after a famous
person is dead concerning Princess Diana
there are now rumors that she was a drug
addict and also had a lot of love
affairs with different public and
non-public men all these secrets are
revealed by a healer and a spiritualist
Simona Simmons who claims to have been
one of the closest people for lady died
after her royal divorce seemingly such
people as Simona just want their cocky
moment and invent some facts for people
who were greedy for gossip the brightest
princess for all times will not be able
to approve or deny anything but looking
at her makes us think that she was just
not that type of girl
what do you think let's discuss the info
in the comment section below fact number
three the people's princess
it was Tony Blair who invented the title
after Diana was dead why was she called
people's princess though lady Di's
second name was the Queen of Hearts we
can also call her the first royal person
who dedicated her life to charity who
was never too far from the people and
knew what to do for them to help and
comfort everybody got used to a distant
and iconic look of the royal power
the Windsor family has always been
slightly above people having a wise and
calm reputation diana was closer she was
not only among people but one of them
from now on history will always remember
all the good things she managed to do
for kids and the afflicted all over the
world that is probably why that people's
princess title describes her personality
in the best way fact number two the
wedding dress apart from the tragic
facts of Diana's biography there was an
interesting rumor fact about her wedding
dress the thing is that they say that
the design of the dress was almost a
secret under wraps
she knew what kind of a gown she wanted
and practically invented the design
herself as far as we can remember the
dress was strict and ladylike very sweet
but moderate and closed to be exact the
funniest detail is that in case of info
about the look of the dress leaking
before the royal wedding the designers
had to make another variant of dress
design which of course was more secret
than top secret strange royal things
aren't they fact number one the secret
child strange as it may seem the rumor
still exists though most people
according to the polls don't want to
believe in it the secret claims Diana
and Charles had the secret third baby
girl who was still alive and lives in
the USA on the one hand knowing a lot
about seemingly cold relations between
the royal spouses such a fact looks
false and disturbing there is not any
single reason why Charles and Diana
would conceal their daughter if she was
born in her royal on the other hand this
rumor also says that the girl was born
even before the marriage of the two
under discussion as proof the Diana was
capable of giving birth to the future
crown prince
if it is the truth then the royal family
looks too strange what would you say is
there such a possibility share below we
know that they Anna's life now doesn't
look like a magical fairy tale and her
tragic death will always be painful for
all her admirers this is almost the
whole world people loved and praised her
kindness and thoughtfulness that is why
she will always be in their hearts
anyway we hope it was interesting for
you to read some small facts about such
a famous and controversial historical
figure don't forget to press subscribe
and always stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]
you